 the the crystalline lens in vertebrates, including humans.
 the relationship of blood and cerebrospinal fluid oxygen concentrationsor partial pressures.  a method of interest is polarography.
 electron microscopy of lung or bronchi.
 tissue culture of lung or bronchial neoplasms.
 the crossing of fatty acids through the placental barrier.  normalfatty acid levels in placenta and fetus.
 ventricular septal defect occurring in association with aorticregurgitation.
 radioisotopes in heart scanning.  mainly used in diagnosis ofpericardial effusions.  also used to study tumors, heart enlargement,aneurysms and pericardial thickening.  technetium, rihsa, radioactivehippurate, cholegraffin are used.
 the effects of drugs on the bone marrow of man and animals,specifically the effect of pesticides.  also, the significanceof bone marrow changes.
 the use of induced hypothermia in heart surgery, neurosurgery, headinjuries and infectious diseases.
 neoplasm immunology.
 blood or urinary steroids in human breast or prostatic neoplasms.
 effect of azathioprine on systemic lupus erythematosus, particularlyin regard to renal lesions.
 bacillus subtilis phages and genetics, with particular referenceto transduction.
 renal amyloidosis as a complication of tuberculosis and the effectsof steroids on this condition.  only the terms kidney diseases andnephrotic syndrome were selected by the requester.  prednisone andprednisolone are the only steroids of interest.
 homonymous hemianopsia in visual aphasia, particularlymeasurement and assessment.  gerstmann's syndrome and agnosia are alsoof interest.
 separation anxiety in infancy (i.e. up to two years of age) and inpreschool children, particularly separation of a child from its mother.
 nickel in nutrition:  requirements for methods for analysis; relationwith enzyme systems; toxicity of, in humans and laboratory animals;deficiency signs and symptoms; level in various foodstuffs; level inblood and tissues.
 the toxicity of organic selenium compounds.
 excretion of phosphate or pyrophosphate in the urine or the effect ofparathyroid hormone on kidney.
 somatotropin as it effects bone, bone development, regeneration,resorption, bone cells, osteogenesis, physiologic calcification orossification, cartilage and bone diseases in general.  somatotropin asit relates to hypophysectomy, pituitary function, diseases, dwarfism,neoplasms, hypopituitarism and hyperpituitarism, and growth in general.
 language development in infancy and pre-school age.
 mycoplasma (infection or presence) in embryo, fetus, newborn infantor animal, or in pregnancy, gynecologic diseases, or as related tochromosomes or chromosome abnormalities.
 infantile autism.
 compensatory renal hypertrophy - - stimulus resulting in mass increase(hypertrophy) and cell proliferation (hyperplasia) in the remainingkidney following unilateral nephrectomy in mammals.
 use of chlorothiazide (diuril) or hydrochlorothiazide (hydrodiuril) inthe treatment of nephogenic diabetes insipidus in children; also,use of low sodium diets and aldactone (spironolactone) in the treatmentof childhood nephogenic diabetes insipidus.
 methods for experimental production of and known causes ofhydrocephalus in animals and humans.
 interested in the parasitic diseases.  filaria parasites found inprimates, the insect vectors of filaria, the related diptera, i. e.,culicoides, mosquitos, etc., that may serve as vectors of thisinfection-disease; also the life cycles and transmission of thefilaria.  parasites and ecology of the taiwan monkey, macaca cyclopis,with emphasis on the filarial parasite, macacanema formosana.
 palliation (temporary improvement) of cancer patients by usingdrugs, x-ray, surgery.
 hereditary implications of prolonged neonatal obstructive jaundiceassociated with liver pathology.  there are but two relativelycommon well-defined pathologic entities that present as such:  1) bileduct or biliary atresia and 2) giant cell transformation of the liveroften referred to as neonatal hepatitis.  information regardingliver and bile duct embryogenesis will be an important adjunctto papers on the disease processes.
